_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Originally from North Idaho, I will soon graduate with my honours psychology degree from Trinity Western University (TWU) in British Columbia. I am most interested in our evolved minds—particularly relating to moral and social phenomena—and will pursue a PhD in evolutionary pyschology within the next couple years. Currently, I am looking for a post-bacc research job (e.g., lab manager, research assistant) to prepare financially for graduate school (hire me!).

During my undergraduate I have strived to put myself in positions that challenge me and facilitate my professional growth, including as a research assistant, teaching assistant, statistics tutor, writing tutor, proofreader, behavior technician, and various student leadership roles. For my full professional history, check out my CV via the link above.

Current Projects
======
As a research assistant in Dr. Jaime Palmer-Hague's Social Neuroendocrinology Laboratory, I am working on a project investigating human Trivers-Willard effects in the context of status, facial cues, and assortative mating.

Working in Dr. Kelly Arbeau's Health Psychology Lab, I am assisting with writing the manuscript for a qualitative study exploring individual's experience of their self during the pandemic.

This summer, I will be carrying out an Undergraduate Student Research Award to investigate competing evolutionary explanations for the relationship between disgust sensitivity and religiosity.

Finally, I have recently finished up my undergraduate honours thesis, a text-analysis study investigating linguistic features of fraudulent research papers to make inferences about the psychology of scientific fraud.

Commit message:

add links to about.md
adds the thesis manuscript to the files and makes links to this and my github repositroy for code. Also adds a direct link to the cv in the about section.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Originally from North Idaho, I will soon graduate with my honours psychology degree from Trinity Western University (TWU) in British Columbia. I am most interested in our evolved minds—particularly relating to moral and social phenomena—and will pursue a PhD in evolutionary pyschology within the next couple years. Currently, I am looking for a post-bacc research job (e.g., lab manager, research assistant) to prepare financially for graduate school (hire me!).

During my undergraduate I have strived to put myself in positions that challenge me and facilitate my professional growth, including as a research assistant, teaching assistant, statistics tutor, writing tutor, proofreader, behavior technician, and various student leadership roles. For my full professional history, [check out my CV](/files/CV.pdf).

Current Projects
======
As a research assistant in Dr. Jaime Palmer-Hague's Social Neuroendocrinology Laboratory, I am working on a project investigating human Trivers-Willard effects in the context of status, facial cues, and assortative mating.

Working in Dr. Kelly Arbeau's Health Psychology Lab, I am assisting with writing the manuscript for a qualitative study exploring individual's experience of their self during the pandemic.

This summer, I will be carrying out an Undergraduate Student Research Award to investigate competing evolutionary explanations for the relationship between disgust sensitivity and religiosity.

Finally, I have recently finished up my undergraduate honours thesis, a text-analysis study investigating linguistic features of fraudulent research papers to make inferences about the psychology of scientific fraud. Check out the manuscript [here](/files/thesis_manuscript.pdf) and the data and code [here](https://github.com/BenjaminJZubaly/Undergraduate-Thesis-Data-Analysis).
